*** Transcript generated by Zoom

Start of a transcript of
UNINVITED
(c) 1986 ICOM Simulations, Inc. 626 Wheeling Rd, Wheeling, IL  60090 
An unauthorized adaptation by David Griffith. 
(Type "about" for more information.)
Release 0 / Serial number 121023 / Inform v6.32 Library 6/12pre S
Standard interpreter 1.1 (3Z) / Library serial number 1209??

>l

Art Gallery
The tasteful "objects d'art" that adorn this gallery might have been offensive to someone with a lesser intelligence. However, having made it thus far, you won't have any problems. There is but a single door leading out of this room, but it's not clear you even got in that way. You can see some apparently frantically-written graffiti on one wall.

You can see a Greek urn, a Greek bowl, a Greek plate, a painting of a siren, a painting of an emperor and an onyx key here.

>read graffiti
The graffiti is composed of a crude drawing of a man in obvious distress and some writing. It reads:

"When I first arrived here, it was all in black and white. Now all I see are words. If I remember correctly, I put the two lamps on top of each other, closed my inventory, examined the black hole, opened it, closed it, talked to it, then walked through. Then I found myself here. -- Stan Kaufman"

>x door
The door has a very sturdy appearance. The lock of the door only has a release from this side. It seems that if you did happen to be on the other side, you would not be able to open it.

>open door
You open the door.

>go through door
As you leave the art gallery through the door behind you, you feel your sense of Newtonian time and space returning once again.
As you leave the art gallery through the door behind you, you feel your sense of Newtonian time and space returning once again.

Observatory Corridor
You're in a short corridor in the observatory. The door leading outside is to the east. To the west is a door with a star on it. To the north is a door with what appears to be a relief of the planet Saturn. The door to the south has nothing on it. There is a curious-looking light fixture on the ceiling.

A strange, hideous creature stares at you.

>! the description repeats as you go through the door

>q
Are you sure you want to quit? y
